quotable-notables.md, before:

### Quotable notables

- I made a prosperous voyage when I suffered shipwreck [which prompted his career in philosophy]. - Zeno of Citium

- If you're not in the arena getting your butt kicked too, I'm not interested in your feedback. - Brene Brown
	
- That would be a good idea. - Mahatma Gandhi, when asked,  “What do you think of modern civilization?" 

	[This may just be apocryphal, but it seems like something he'd say. Regardless, it's a great quote.]

- Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. - Epictetus

#### Quotes from me, which you have probably never heard before, so please spread the word

- [Compatibilism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compatibilism) is just [determinism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Determinism) with low self-esteem. -- Todd Igoe

- Arrogance isn't confidence squared. -- Todd Igoe

- Note that "foolproof" begins with "fool." -- Todd Igoe 

- I have a policy regarding stupid questions. Please don't ask me what it is. -- Todd Igoe

#### Yogi Berra section

- When you come to a fork in the road, take it.

- It’s like déjà vu all over again.

- The future ain’t what it used to be.

- Pair up in threes.

- Take it with a grin of salt.

- If the world were perfect, it wouldn’t be.

Commit message:

Punch up Gosling joke in geek comedy and updates to other files

quotable-notables.md, after:

### Quotable notables

- I made a prosperous voyage when I suffered shipwreck [which prompted his career in philosophy]. - Zeno of Citium

- If you're not in the arena getting your butt kicked too, I'm not interested in your feedback. - Brene Brown
	
- That would be a good idea. - Mahatma Gandhi, when asked,  “What do you think of modern civilization?" 

	[This may just be apocryphal, but it seems like something he'd say. Regardless, it's a great quote.]

- Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. - Epictetus

- For the advice in a joke is sometimes more useful than the most serious teaching. - Balthasar Gracian,

- For luck always compensates her intensity by her brevity. - Balthasar Gracian [for preface to an article on info theory]

- Things are done quickly enough if done well. If just quickly done they can be quickly undone. - Balthasar Gracian

- Make haste slowly. - Balthasar Gracian

#### Quotes from me, which you have probably never heard before, so please spread the word

- Arrogance isn't confidence squared. -- Todd Igoe

- [Compatibilism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compatibilism) is just [determinism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Determinism) with low self-esteem. -- Todd Igoe

- Note that "foolproof" begins with "fool." -- Todd Igoe 

- I have a policy regarding stupid questions. Please don't ask me what it is. -- Todd Igoe


#### Yogi Berra section

- When you come to a fork in the road, take it.

- It’s like déjà vu all over again.

- The future ain’t what it used to be.

- Pair up in threes.

- Take it with a grin of salt.

- If the world were perfect, it wouldn’t be.
