science-cant-explain-that.md, before:

#### Science can't explain that

- "Visualize whirled peas" sounds almost exactly like "visualize world peace." Random chance? Or divine intervention? I'll give you 3 guesses and the first 2 don't count.

- In the band [ZZ Top](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZZ_Top), two of the musicians have long beards, and the other one doesn't have a beard. And the one that doesn't is Frank Beard. Ok, [he didn't have a beard until 2013](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Beard_(musician)#Personal_life). Coincidence? I don't think so.

- The most efficient way to make a logic gate for a computer is with a [NAND gate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAND_gate), and the NAND gate is equivalent in logic to the [Sheffer stroke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffer_stroke). Moreover, Sheffer strokes are [functionally complete](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_completeness), which means that they can be combined to form any other logic function, so NAND gates can also be combined to make any digital logic function. So the universe was designed to ensure that electrical engineers can make cheap hardware. That can't be a coincidence, people.

- Keith Richards is still alive, circa 2019. He's 75 years young, and though I usually can't understand a word he says, that's not age related. If there's a scientist who can explain how this man is still alive, please send me a note when you post your study to arxiv.org. 

- Greg Allman and Duane Allman were Allman brothers, but they were also almond brothers because they both loved almonds. Oh I'm sorry, did I just _woke\*_ you up? Explain that one, _sans science_.

\* According to Bill Maher, back in the '80s being woke just meant that you took too much cocaine.

- My nickname is _Elmore Jams_. "The more jams", or just "More jams". 

- Soy milk in spanish means "I am milk". But I'm not milk - I'm Elmore Jams. We just covered that, right? So at first blush

Commit message:

Add to geek and science

science-cant-explain-that.md, after:

#### Science can't explain that

- "Visualize whirled peas" sounds almost exactly like "visualize world peace." Random chance? Or divine intervention? I'll give you 3 guesses and the first 2 don't count.

- In the band [ZZ Top](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZZ_Top), two of the musicians have long beards, and the other one doesn't have a beard. And the one that doesn't is Frank Beard. Ok, [he didn't have a beard until 2013](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Beard_(musician)#Personal_life). Coincidence? I don't think so.

- The most efficient way to make a logic gate for a computer is with a [NAND gate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAND_gate), and the NAND gate is equivalent in logic to the [Sheffer stroke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffer_stroke). Moreover, Sheffer strokes are [functionally complete](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_completeness), which means that they can be combined to form any other logic function, so NAND gates can also be combined to make any digital logic function. So the universe was designed to ensure that electrical engineers can make cheap hardware. That can't be a coincidence, people.

- Keith Richards is still alive, circa 2019. He's 75 years young, and though I usually can't understand a word he says, that's not age related. If there's a scientist who can explain how this man is still alive, please send me a note when you post your study to arxiv.org. 

- Greg Allman and Duane Allman were Allman brothers, but they were also almond brothers because they both loved almonds. Oh I'm sorry, did I just _woke\*_ you up? Explain that one, _sans science_.

\* According to Bill Maher, back in the '80s being woke just meant that you took too much cocaine.

- My nickname is _Elmore Jams_. "The more jams", or just "More jams". 

- Soy milk in spanish means "I am milk". But I'm not milk - I'm Elmore Jams. We just covered that, right?

- There is a city in North Carolina named Burlington, and also in Vermont. And in both of those cities, there a street named Church Street. Moreover, a church is a place to worship God. Deal with that, science.
